Remove ClearReadOnly and update SetReadOnly with boolean value (#6341)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/appconfiguration/azure-data-appconfiguration/CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log azure-data-appconfiguration
## Version 1.0.0-preview.7 (2019-11-20)

#### Breaking Changes

> - Removed clearReadOnly API. Only main setReadOnly API with boolean value. If the boolean value is true, set the ConfigurationSetting to read-only. Otherwise, set it to not read-only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed clearReadOnly API, updated setReadOnly API to support setting and clearing read only based on the flag passed.
```
